chore: improve dev workflow with bundled v2 [LW-13671] (#2085)
input-output-hk/lace: README.md

A browser extension wallet for Cardano, Bitcoin and Midnight.

> > **Note:** This repository integrates the `v2` submodule (lace-platform) as a temporary solution for releasing Midnight support into Lace v1. This setup will be replaced when we release the Lace Platform project as the primary repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** `lace-platform`, the code repository for Lace v2 and Lace Midnight Preview, is linked as a git submodule, named `v2`, to support the integration of Midnight in v1.
```

Author: Resolved :) thank you
